The 500 km long road called Tokaido between Edo (now Tokyo) and Kyoto already existed in the 11th century. In the 17th century it took travelers about two weeks to travel this distance - usually on foot, on horseback or, very rarely, in a sedan chair. The  Tokaido consisted of 53 sections. The running track on the game board does the same.<br/><br/>**500 km on 84 cm in 60 min**<br/><br/> The long journey offers these 53 stopovers. Souvenirs await travelers in the village, you get three coins on the farm, the "special points of interest" bring panoramic photos, the hot spring brings relaxation and immediately two or three points, in the temple you have to donate one to three coins, you do it on encounter fields you make chance acquaintances and in the inns you can strengthen yourself.<br/><br/>**What is all this for?**<br/><br/>Of course you collect points. You get them immediately and there are also rewards at the end of the game. In the village you draw three black souvenir cards and may buy any number of them. If you can and want to afford it. Souvenir cards carry four different symbols and are collected in sets. The first keepsake in a set is worth one point, the second three, the third five, and the fourth seven. A complete set is therefore worth 16 points, you can have several sets, and at the end of the journey the owner of the most souvenirs is rewarded with three additional points. At each vantage point you get a part of a panoramic photo. Finished panoramas consist of three, four or five parts. You get one to five points immediately, the first traveler with a finished picture gets an additional three points. Encounters bring random benefits. In the inn all travelers wait together. The first person in the inn orders one more meal than there are travelers and buys one of them right away. Each dish can only be consumed once.<br/>Do not eat twice.<br/>Favorite food therefore forbidden.<br/>Each meal costs between one and three coins and is immediately worth six points.<br/>Everyone else chooses one of the remaining dishes.<br/>Assuming they have enough money and haven't finished eating yet.<br/><br/>**How the whole?**<br/><br/>It is always the traveler who comes last. The principle works right from the start. Equipped with the drawn character's special ability and the corresponding number of coins, each traveler begins. Because the starting player advantage is quite veritable, the rule provides for a small monetary compensation in the extended travel preparation. That makes sense. Many fields of the route can only be entered by one traveller, the others can also be occupied twice in a game with four or five players. Whoever arrives last moves on first. The collection of maps and panoramic photos is in the foreground. Omitting fields only makes sense in the rarest of cases. Only if there is a lack of money should you definitely visit the farm and, in an emergency, also skip fields.<br/><br/>**End of the journey**<br/><br/>When all travelers have arrived in Tokyo after about an hour, the game ends with the evaluation of card majorities and the donations in the temple still score a good deal of points. Actually ten for the most willing to donate. Whoever then has the most points wins.